so the study is about using their
knowledge of the anti-aging systems and
really 50 years of our work with aging
and mechanisms of aging but also
mechanisms of resistance to stress and
so we started thinking of ways that we
can use the knowledge of gerontology to
prevent cancer but also to help with the
toxicity caused by chemotherapy one of
the major experiments that we did was to
inject a very aggressive neuroblastoma
cancer into mice and then we start them
for 48 hours and then we hit the mice
and the neuroblastoma cancer with
high-dose chemotherapy the mice they
were starved for 48 hours and then
treated with high-dose chemotherapy were
protected only about one in over 50
miles died after this type of
chemotherapy by contrast demise they
were not priests armed were very
sensitive to chemotherapy in about over
fifty percent of the my style almost
anybody then they'll understand stress
resistance in cellular aging will
immediately say but if a cell is starved
most likely is going to be better
protected against toxins we in several
labs in the college do very well is very
basic research and the basic research a
lot of the times tells you a lot more
about the complicated or complex
problems then then applied research we
knew it worked very well in the
saccharomyces cerevisiae in this very
simple model system unicellular
eukaryotes and and from there it was
just a matter I think of doing a lot of
experiments but having a pretty good
idea that this was going to work and
when I did it was it was great obviously
and even greater if it works in clinical
trials
you